this is my cookie recipe for rustic
crusty bread rolls they're super easy to
make and tastes super delicious fresh
out of the oven this recipe makes only a
small batch but you can easily double it
if you want to 175 grams on strong white
flour in the mixing bowl it normal my
scale says that's including the weight
of a spoon 3/4 teaspoon of instant yeast
a little under 1/2 teaspoon of salt 2
teaspoons of sugar
and 35 grams of Road oats you can make
them without the oats I'll talk a bit
more about that adding to the video the
quick mix
at 130 milliliters Semyon grams are very
slightly warm water mixing two adult
with a spoon if you don't have a scale
you can measure by volume but measuring
by weight is much more accurate and
convenient
there'll be some dry flour at the bottom
I add a little bit more water maybe one
or two teaspoons to easily incorporate
I'll just mix for a couple minutes until
all combined with no pockets of dry
flour
it's Whitten stickier the normal bread
dough and is done
I line the baking tray with nonstick
parchment paper you can use foil but
greenstick generously a vegetable oil
I'm making five rolls today so spoon
five pounds onto a tray sometimes I make
four bigger ones or six mini ones
make them as even in size as possible
and tidy them up a little bit with tip
or the back of a spoon but it's not
really crucial
to prevent the king I have greased the
plastic wrap or vegetable oil or you can
brush the top of the dough balls with a
little vegetable oil cover loosely and
leave them to prove for one to one and a
half hour often now in ten minutes they
have roughly doubled in size they do
grow more horizontally than vertically
if your dough Rises too quickly like
they already doubled after 30 minutes
try using cooler water or cooler proving
spot next time but this recipe is best
to have at least in our proving time
remove the plastic wrap carefully to
avoid deflating the dough
the oven has been preheated to 220
degrees Celsius or 240,000 oven place on
the middle shelf and bake for 15 to 18
minutes and there they are nicely
browned on the top and bottom certainly
medially or transformed to a wire rack
ASAP the definitely Bessie's and freshen
wall
the answer is crusty but not too tough
the inside is soft and fluffy the flavor
is really nice it doesn't taste salty
but the oats add a very subtle sweetness
if you like your breasts arterial
sweeter you can use a little more salt
or sugar in the dough but not too much
more they do become dry the next day
then I slice them in half and post them
to make them with our oats use 210 grams
of strong white flour or here use 175
strong white plus 35 wholemeal the rest
of the ingredients are the same this is
tasty too but I do prefer the oat
version thanks for watching I hope you
give this recipe a try
there are lots more info in the About
section below and please click like and
I'll share if you have enjoyed this
video